feat(vertexai): Add support for `AbortSignal` (#8890)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: docs-devsite/ai.singlerequestoptions.md

Project: /docs/reference/js/_project.yaml
Book: /docs/reference/_book.yaml
page_type: reference

{% comment %}
DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!
This is generated by the JS SDK team, and any local changes will be
overwritten. Changes should be made in the source code at
https://github.com/firebase/firebase-js-sdk
{% endcomment %}

# SingleRequestOptions interface
Options that can be provided per-request. Extends the base [RequestOptions](./ai.requestoptions.md#requestoptions_interface) (like `timeout` and `baseUrl`<!-- -->) with request-specific controls like cancellation via `AbortSignal`<!-- -->.

> Options specified here will override any default [RequestOptions](./ai.requestoptions.md#requestoptions_interface) configured on a model (e.g. [GenerativeModel](./ai.generativemodel.md#generativemodel_class)<!-- -->).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Options specified here will override any default [RequestOptions](./ai.requestoptions.md#requestoptions_interface) configured on a model (for example, [GenerativeModel](./ai.generativemodel.md#generativemodel_class)<!-- -->).
```

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export interface SingleRequestOptions extends RequestOptions 
```
<b>Extends:</b> [RequestOptions](./ai.requestoptions.md#requestoptions_interface)

## Properties

|  Property | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [signal](./ai.singlerequestoptions.md#singlerequestoptionssignal) | AbortSignal | An <code>AbortSignal</code> instance that allows cancelling ongoing requests (like <code>generateContent</code> or <code>generateImages</code>).<!-- -->If provided, calling <code>abort()</code> on the corresponding <code>AbortController</code> will attempt to cancel the underlying HTTP request. An <code>AbortError</code> will be thrown if cancellation is successful.<!-- -->Note that this will not cancel the request in the backend, so billing will still be applied despite cancellation. |

## SingleRequestOptions.signal

An `AbortSignal` instance that allows cancelling ongoing requests (like `generateContent` or `generateImages`<!-- -->).

If provided, calling `abort()` on the corresponding `AbortController` will attempt to cancel the underlying HTTP request. An `AbortError` will be thrown if cancellation is successful.

> Note that this will not cancel the request in the backend, so billing will still be applied despite cancellation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this will not cancel the request in the backend, so any applicable billing charges will still be applied despite cancellation.
```
